Last modified: 14 September 2022

<hr></hr>

<h2>Introduction</h2>

This privacy notice (“Privacy Notice”) applies to all visitors and users of the
Webiny hosted services and websites (collectively, the “Website” or “Websites”)
and self-managed installations, which are offered by Webiny Inc.
and/or any of its affiliates (“Webiny” or “we” or “us”). Please read this
Privacy Notice carefully. By accessing or using any part of the Websites or
self-managed installations, you acknowledge you have been informed of and
consent to our practices with regard to your personal information and data.

Webiny is an open source project and collaborative community, as well as a
company. This means that many portions of our Websites, including information
you voluntarily provide, will be public-facing for the open sharing of
innovative developments, ideas, and information that makes our collaborative
community so great. While we are committed to open sharing, we strive to respect
the privacy of individual community members and will minimize the information we
collect and share. If you do not want to share your information, including
personally identifiable information, with other community members and the
public, please be thoughtful as to how you interact with our Websites and what
information you provide through the Websites (for example, through creating a
public profile, project contributions, comments, and blog posts).

<h2>Data Protection</h2>

Oversight of Data Security is handled by Webiny&#39;s respective Data
Protection Officers. Should you wish to make modifications, deletions, or
additions to any personal data you believe to be captured by Webiny, or if you
have any general security concerns, please contact us at
[privacy@webiny.com](mailto:privacy@webiny.com).

<h2>What Information Webiny Collects and Why</h2>

<h3>Information from Website Visitors</h3>

Like most website operators, Webiny collects basic non-personally-identifying
information from Website visitors of the sort that web browsers and servers
typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. We collect this
information to better understand how visitors use the Website, to improve our
Websites and experience for visitors, and to monitor the security of the
Websites. From time to time, Webiny may publicly release
non-personally-identifying information collected from Website visitors in the
aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of the Website.

Webiny also collects potentially personally-identifying information like
Internet Protocol (IP) addresses from visitors. Webiny does not use such
information to identify or track individual visitors, however. We collect this
information to understand how visitors use the Websites, to improve performance
and content, and to monitor the security of the Websites.

Webiny may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to our Websites.
For instance, Webiny may reveal how many downloads can be attributed to a
particular software version using aggregated statistics that contain anonymous
user information only.

<h3>Usage Data Information from Self-managed Webiny Instances</h3>

Webiny collects anonymous application usage data from each self-managed Webiny
instance (Open Source, Business & Enterprise Edition). It is possible to
[opt out of application telemetry](/docs/webiny-telemetry/webiny-telemetry)
being transferred, and for self-managed Webiny instances, we do not track end
users.

Telemetry data that is being collected include:

- The protocol used to interact with an instance API
- The type of event used via this protocol
- The time and frequency of these events
- An anonymous identifier of the instance
- The Class C network the telemetry data is sent from

<h2>Personally-Identifying Information</h2>

Users of the Websites may choose to interact with Webiny in ways that provide
us with their personally-identifying information. In some instances, a User ID
is generated for form and url tracking, page views, page pings and usage counts
in order to ascertain product performance and development. The amount and type
of information that Webiny gathers depends on the nature of your interaction
with us, as well as the amount of information you choose to share. For example,
we ask visitors who use our community slack group to provide a username and
email address. We will also collect the information you provide with us in
connection with creating an account on the Website. Profile information is
shared publicly, as well as activity under your profile. If you report a
security vulnerability to Webiny and request public acknowledgment, then we may
publicly disclose the personal information you provided to us in connection with
the report, including your name to fulfill your request for acknowledgment. In
each case, Webiny collects such personally-identifiable information only
insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the user’s
interaction with or request of Webiny. We will not disclose
personally-identifying information other than as described in this Privacy
Notice.

Visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent you from engaging in certain Website-related
activities or being able to access and use certain features and services.

For details about what information is collected and with whom it is shared,
please go to What Information Webiny Collects and Why.

<h2>Where We Store Your Data</h2>

As part of the services offered to you, for example through our Website, the
information you provide to us may be transferred to and stored in countries
outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) as we use remote website server
hosts to provide the website and some aspects of our service, which may be based
outside of the EEA, or use servers based outside of the EEA - this is generally
the nature of data stored in “the Cloud”. It may also be processed by staff
operating outside the EEA who work for one of our suppliers, e.g. our website
server host, or work for us when temporarily outside of the EEA.

A transfer of your personal data may happen if any of our servers are located in
a country outside of the EEA or one of our service providers is located in a
country outside of the EEA. If we transfer or store your personal data outside
the EEA in this way, we will take steps with the aim of ensuring that your
privacy rights continue to be protected, as outlined in this privacy policy and
in accordance with the DPA and GDPR. If you use our service while you are
outside the EEA, your personal data may be transferred outside the EEA in order
to provide you with these services.

We do not use or disclose sensitive personal data, such as race, religion, or
political affiliations, without your explicit consent.

We may disclose your personal data outside of our group: (a) in the event that
we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your
personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; and
(b) if Webiny’s business is bought by a third party, in which case personal
data held by it about its customers will be one of the assets to transfer to the
buyer. However, any such transfer will only be on terms that the confidentiality
of your personal data is protected and that the terms of this privacy policy
will continue to be complied with by the recipient.

Otherwise, we will process, disclose or share your personal data only if
required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to comply with legal requirements or legal process served on us or the
website. By giving us your personal data, you agree to this arrangement. We will
do what we reasonably can to keep your data secure. You have the right to opt
out of our processing your personal data for marketing purposes by contacting us
at [privacy@webiny.com](mailto:privacy@webiny.com).

Although we try to provide protection, we cannot guarantee complete security for
your data, and you take the risk that any sending of that data turns out to be
not secure despite our efforts.

We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the
purposes we collected it for as described above in section 6, including for the
purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements, and/or
for as long as we have your permission to keep it. To determine the appropriate
retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and
sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized
use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your
personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and
the applicable legal requirements. In any event, we will conduct an annual
review to ascertain whether we need to keep your personal data. Your personal
data will be deleted if we no longer need it.

<h2>Information Webiny Does Not Collect</h2>

Webiny does not intentionally collect sensitive personal information, such as
social security numbers, genetic data, health information, or religious
information. Although Webiny does not request or intentionally collect any
sensitive personal information, we realize that users might store this kind of
information in a Webiny instance by pushing it to us through our libraries or
API. If you store any sensitive personal information on Webiny’s servers, you
are consenting to our storage of that information.

If you&#39;re a child under the age of 13, you may not have an account on the
Website. Webiny does not knowingly collect information from or direct any of
our Website or content specifically to children under 13. If we learn or have
reason to suspect that a user is under the age of 13, we will close the child’s
account.

Other countries may have different minimum age limits. If you are below the
minimum age for providing consent for data collection in your country, you may
not use Webiny.

<h2>Basis for Processing Your Information</h2>

Performance of a contract. The use of your information may be necessary to
perform the contract that you have with us. For example, if you use our Websites
to purchase Webiny product subscriptions or services, contribute to a project,
create a profile, post and comment through our Websites, or request information
through our Websites, we will use your information to carry out our obligation
to complete and administer that contract or request.

Legitimate interests. We use your information for our legitimate interests, such
as to provide you with the best content through our Websites and communications
with users and the public, to improve and promote our products and services, and
for administrative, security, fraud prevention and legal purposes.

Consent. We may rely on your consent to use your personal information for
certain direct marketing purposes, such as sending you newsletter updates about
Webiny products. You may withdraw your consent at any time through the
unsubscribe feature provided with each marketing email or by contacting us at
the addresses given at the end of this Privacy Notice.

<h2>How Webiny Uses and Protects Personally-Identifying Information</h2>

<h3>Sharing Your Information</h3>

Webiny only discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to those of its employees, contractors, and
affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to
process it on Webiny&#39;s behalf or to provide services available on the
Website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others.

Please note, email and IP addresses of users of a Webiny deployment may be
shared with the respective users of that deployment.

Webiny will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees,
contractors, and affiliated organizations, as described above, Webiny discloses
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only
when required to do so by law, or when Webiny believes in good faith that
disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Webiny,
third parties, or the public at large.

Webiny takes measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized
access, use, alteration, or destruction of potentially personally-identifying
and personally-identifying information.

Webiny at its sole discretion may make use of company logos where those
companies are using the software that we provide. If you have concerns over the
use of your logo, please email [privacy@webiny.com](mailto:privacy@webiny.com).

<h3>International Transfer of Information</h3>

Our employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that process information
for us as described above may be located in regions other than your home
country; by using the Website, you consent to the international transfer of your
information by Webiny. Webiny will take appropriate steps to ensure that
transfers of personal information are in accordance with applicable law and
carefully managed to protect your privacy rights and interests.

<h2>Third Party Processors</h2>

Our carefully selected partners and service providers may process personal information
about you on our behalf as described below:

<h3>Digital Marketing Service Providers</h3>

We periodically appoint digital marketing agents to conduct marketing activity on our behalf,
such activity may result in the compliant processing of personal information. Our appointed
data processors include: (i) Prospect Global Ltd (trading as Sopro) Reg. UK Co. 09648733.
You can contact Sopro and view their privacy policy here: [http://sopro.io](http://sopro.io).
Sopro are registered with the ICO Reg: ZA346877 their Data Protection Officer can be emailed at:
[dpo@sopro.io](mailto:dpo@sopro.io).

<h2>Webiny Communications with You</h2>

If you are a registered user of the Websites and have supplied your email
address, Webiny may occasionally send you an email to inform you about
security, system information, new features, solicit your feedback, or send
Webiny product updates. We primarily use our blog to communicate this
information, so we aim to keep this type of email communication to a minimum. An
unsubscribe link is located at the bottom of each marketing email to allow
recipients to update their email preferences and to opt out of such emails.

If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our
feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish your request in order to
help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. We
will not publish your personally-identifiable information in connection with
your request.

<h2>Cookies, Tracking Technologies and Do Not Track</h2>

<h3>Cookies</h3>

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor&#39;s
computer, and that the visitor&#39;s browser provides to the website each time
the visitor returns. Webiny uses cookies to help Webiny identify and track
visitors, their usage of the Websites, and their Website access preferences.
Webiny visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers may
set their browsers to refuse cookies before using the Websites. Disabling
browser cookies may cause certain features of Webiny&#39;s websites to not
function properly.

Certain pages on the Website may set other third party cookies. For example, we
may embed content, such as videos, from another site that sets a cookie. These
sites set their own cookies and we do not have access or control over these
cookies. The use of cookies by third parties is not covered by our Privacy
Notice.

<h3>Tracking Technologies</h3>

We may use third party tracking services, but we don’t use these services to
track you individually or collect your personally identifiable-information. We
may use these services to collect information about how the Website performs and
how users navigate through and use the Website so we can monitor and improve our
content and Website performance.

Third party tracking services gather certain simple, non-personally identifying
information over time, such as your IP address, browser type, internet service
provider, referring and exit pages, timestamp, and similar data about your use
of the Website. We do not link this information to any of your personal
information such as your user name.

<h3>Do Not Track</h3>

&quot;Do Not Track&quot; is a privacy preference you can set in your browser if
you do not want online services to collect and share certain kinds of
information about your online activity from third party tracking services.
Webiny does not track your online browsing activity on other online services
over time and we do not permit third-party services to track your activity on
our site beyond our basic tracking, which you may opt out of. Because we do not
share this kind of data with third party services or permit this kind of third
party data collection for any of our users, and we do not track our users on
third-party websites ourselves, we do not need to respond differently to an
individual browser&#39;s Do Not Track setting.

<h2>Global Privacy Practices</h2>

We understand that users from other countries may have different expectations
and rights with regard to their privacy. For all Website visitors and users, no
matter their country of location, we will:

- provide clear methods of unambiguous, informed consent when we do collect your
  personal information;
- only collect the minimum amount of personal data necessary for the purpose it
  is collected for, unless you choose to provide us more;
- offer you simple methods of accessing, correcting, or deleting your
  information that we have collected, with the exception of information you
  voluntarily provide that is necessary to retain as is for the integrity of our
  project code as described further below; and
- provide Website users notice, choice, accountability, security, and access,
  and we limit the purpose for processing. We also provide our users a method of
  recourse and enforcement.

If you are located in the European Union, you are entitled to the following
rights with regard to your personal information and data:

- Right of access to your personal data, to know what information about you we
  hold
- Right to correct any incorrect or incomplete personal data about yourself that
  we hold
- Right to restrict/suspend our processing of your personal data
- Right to complain to a supervisory authority if you believe your privacy
  rights are being violated

Additional rights that may apply to you in certain instances:

- Right of data portability (if our processing is based on consent and automated
  means)
- Right to withdraw consent at any time (if processing is based on consent)
- Right to object to processing (if processing is based on legitimate interests)
- Right to object to processing of personal data for direct marketing purposes
- Right of erasure of your personal data from our system (“right to be
  forgotten”) if certain grounds are met

To exercise your privacy rights, you can email us at the address given below in
the ‘Contacting Webiny About Your Privacy’ section of this Privacy Notice.

<h2>Data Retention and Deletion</h2>

If you already have an account on the Websites, you may access, update, alter,
or delete your basic user profile information by logging into your account and
updating profile settings.

Webiny will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as
needed to perform our contractual obligations, provide you services through the
Website, to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes, preserve legal
rights, or enforce our agreements.

Please note that due to the open source nature of our products, services, and
community, we may retain limited personally-identifiable information
indefinitely in order to ensure transactional integrity and non-repudiation. For
example, if you provide your information in connection with a blog post, GitHub
issue or comment, we may display that information even if you have deleted your
account as we do not automatically delete community posts. Also, as described in
our Terms of Use, if you contribute to a Webiny project and provide your
personal information in connection with that contribution, that information
(including your name) will be embedded and publicly displayed with your
contribution and we will not be able to delete or erase it because doing so
would break the project code.

<h2>Contacting Webiny About Your Privacy</h2>

If you have questions or concerns about the way we are handling your
information, or would like to exercise your privacy rights, please email us with
the subject line &quot;Privacy Concern&quot; at
[privacy@webiny.com](mailto:privacy@webiny.com) where we will respond within 30
days of receiving your message.

<h2>Privacy Notice Changes</h2>

Although most changes are likely to be minor, Webiny may change its privacy
notice from time to time, and in Webiny&#39;s sole discretion.

We may also provide notification to users who have provided us email addresses
of material changes to this Privacy Notice through our Website. Webiny
encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any minor changes to its
Privacy Notice. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy
Notice will constitute your acceptance of such change.

<hr></hr>

<i>Credit to GitLab for the initial version of the above policy.</i>
