
Last modified: 14 September 2022
<hr></hr>

<h2>Open-Source Software (OSS) License Terms</h2>

You can find a copy of our OSS License Terms in our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/webiny/webiny-js/blob/next/LICENSE).
We license the OSS version of Webiny under the MIT License.

<h2>Webiny Business, Webiny Enterprise & Webiny Control Panel Terms</h2>

These terms apply to any of our Webiny paid plans.

By signing up for a Webiny Control Panel License, you and any entity that you represent ("Customer") are unconditionally consenting to be bound by and are becoming a party to these Webiny Subscription Terms ("Agreement") as of the date of Customer's first download of the licensed materials (the "effective date"). Customer's continued use of the software or any licensed materials provided by Webiny Inc., trading as Webiny ("Webiny") (or one of its affiliates and/or subsidiaries, as specified on an order form or quote), shall also constitute assent to the terms of this agreement. If these terms are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms. If you are executing this agreement on behalf of an organization, you represent that you have authority to do so.

<h3>1. License and support</h3>

1.1 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Webiny hereby grants to Customer and its Affiliates (as defined below) a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license for Customer’s and its Affiliates’ employees and contractors to (1) internally (a) use, reproduce, modify, prepare derivative works based upon, and display the code of Webiny at the tier level selected by Customer (or set forth on a Quote (as defined below), if applicable with the specifications generally promulgated by Webiny from time to time (the “Software”), solely (i) for its internal use in connection with the development of Customer’s and/or its Affiliates’ own software, and (ii) at the level of usage for which Customer has paid Webiny; and (b) use the documentation, training materials or other materials supplied by Webiny (the “Other Webiny Materials”); and (2) modify the Software and publish patches to the Software, solely at the level of usage for which Customer has paid Webiny. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Customer agrees that Webiny and/or its licensors (as applicable) retain all right, title and interest in and to all Software incorporated in such modifications and/or patches, and all such Software may only be used, copied, modified, displayed, distributed, or otherwise exploited in full compliance with this Agreement, and with a valid Webiny subscription for the correct level of usage. The Software and Other Webiny Materials are collectively referred to herein as the “Licensed Materials.” “Affiliate” means any entity(ies) controlling, controlled by, and/or under common control with a party hereto, where “control” means the ownership of more than 50% of the voting securities in such entity. “User” means each individual end-user (person or machine) of Customer and/or its Affiliates (including, without limitation, employees, agents or consultants thereof) with access to the Licensed Materials hereunder.

1.2 Subject to the terms hereof, Webiny will provide reasonable support to Customer for the Licensed Materials as set forth in the support section at https://webiny.com/pricing/ for the support plan selected and paid for by Customer. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event that Customer does not reasonably comply with written specifications or instructions from Webiny’s service engineers regarding any support issue or request (including without limitation, failure to make backups of Customer’s Licensed Materials) (each, a “Support Issue”), Webiny may terminate its support obligations to Customer with respect to such Support Issue upon fifteen (15) days’ written notice if Customer does not cure such noncompliance within the notice period.

1.2.1 Webiny will use reasonable commercial efforts to respond to support questions by Slack or email. The number of support questions is not limited.

<h3>2. Restrictions and responsibilities</h3>

2.1 Except as expressly authorized in Section 1.1, Customer will not, and will not permit any third party to: use the Licensed Materials for any purpose other than as specifically authorized in Section 1, or in such a manner that would enable any unlicensed person to access the Licensed Materials; use the Licensed Materials or any other Webiny software for timesharing or service bureau purposes or for any purpose other than its and its Affiliates’ own internal use (including without limitation, sublicensing, distributing, selling, reselling any of the foregoing); except as expressly permitted herein; use the Licensed Materials in connection with any high risk or strict liability activity (including, without limitation, space travel, firefighting, police operations, power plant operation, military operations, rescue operations, hospital and medical operations or the like); use the Licensed Materials or software other than in accordance with this Agreement and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations (including but not limited to any privacy laws, and laws and regulations concerning intellectual property, consumer and child protection, obscenity or defamation); or use the Licensed Materials in any manner that (1) is harmful, fraudulent, deceptive, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, or libelous (including without limitation, accessing any computer, computer system, network, software, or data without authorization, breaching the security of another user or system, and/or attempting to circumvent any User authentication or security process), (2) impersonates any person or entity, including without limitation any employee or representative of Webiny, or (3) contains a virus, trojan horse, worm, time bomb, unsolicited bulk, commercial, or “spam” message, or other harmful computer code, file, or program (including without limitation, password guessing programs, decoders, password gatherers, keystroke loggers, cracking tools, packet sniffers, and/or encryption circumvention programs).

2.2 Customer will cooperate with Webiny in connection with the performance of this Agreement by making available such personnel and information as may be reasonably required, and taking such other actions as Webiny may reasonably request. Customer will also cooperate with Webiny in establishing a password or other procedures for verifying that only designated employees of Customer have access to any administrative functions of the Licensed Materials. Customer shall maintain during the term of this Agreement and through the end of the third year after the date on which the final payment is made under this Agreement, books, records, contracts and accounts relating to the payments due Webiny under this Agreement (collectively, the “Customer Records”). Webiny may, at its sole expense, upon 30 days’ prior written notice to Customer and during Customer’s normal business hours and subject to industry-standard confidentiality obligations, hire an independent third party auditor to audit the Customer Records only to verify the amounts payable under this Agreement. If an audit reveals underpayment, then Customer shall promptly pay the deficiency to Webiny plus late fees pursuant to Section 5.2. Webiny shall bear the cost of an audit unless the audit reveals underpayment by more than 5% for the audited period, in which case Customer shall promptly pay Webiny for the reasonable costs of the audit.

2.3 Customer will be responsible for maintaining the security of Customer’s account, passwords (including but not limited to administrative and User passwords) and files, and for all uses of Customer account with or without Customer’s knowledge or consent.

<h3>3. Confidentiality</h3>

3.1 Each party (the “Receiving Party”) understands that the other party (the “Disclosing Party”) has disclosed or may disclose information relating to the Disclosing Party’s technology or business (hereinafter referred to as “Proprietary Information” of the Disclosing Party). Without limiting the foregoing, the Licensed Materials are Webiny Proprietary Information.

3.2 The Receiving Party agrees: (i) not to divulge to any third person any such Proprietary Information, (ii) to give access to such Proprietary Information solely to those employees with a need to have access thereto for purposes of this Agreement, and (iii) to take the same security precautions to protect against disclosure or unauthorized use of such Proprietary Information that the party takes with its own proprietary information, but in no event will a party apply less than reasonable precautions to protect such Proprietary Information. The Disclosing Party agrees that the foregoing will not apply with respect to any information that the Receiving Party can document (a) is or becomes generally available to the public without any action by, or involvement of, the Receiving Party, or (b) was in its possession or known by it prior to receipt from the Disclosing Party, or (c) was rightfully disclosed to it without restriction by a third party, or (d) was independently developed without use of any Proprietary Information of the Disclosing Party. Nothing in this Agreement will prevent the Receiving Party from disclosing Proprietary Information pursuant to any judicial or governmental order, provided that the Receiving Party gives the Disclosing Party reasonable prior notice of such disclosure to contest such order. In any event, Webiny may collect data with respect to and report on the aggregate response rate and other aggregate measures of the Licensed Materials’ performance and Customer’s usage of the Licensed Materials; provided that Webiny will not identify Customer as the source of any such data without Customer’s prior written consent. For the avoidance of doubt, use of a third party to host the data collected shall not be deemed a disclosure.

3.3 Each party acknowledges and agrees that the other may suffer irreparable damage in the event of a breach of the terms of Sections 1.1, 2.1 or 3.2 of this Agreement and that such party will be entitled to seek injunctive relief (without the necessity of posting a bond) in the event of any such breach.

3.4 Both parties will have the right to disclose the existence of the relationship between the parties, but not the terms and conditions of this Agreement, unless such disclosure of the Agreement terms is approved in writing by both Parties prior to such disclosure, or is included in a filing required to be made by a party with a governmental authority (provided such party will use reasonable efforts to obtain confidential treatment or a protective order) or is made on a confidential basis as reasonably necessary to potential investors or acquirers.

<h3>4. Intellectual property rights</h3>

4.1 Except as expressly set forth herein, Webiny alone (and its licensors, where applicable) will retain all intellectual property rights relating to the Licensed Materials and any suggestions, ideas, enhancement requests, feedback, code, or other recommendations provided by Customer, its Affiliates or any third party relating to the Licensed Materials, which are hereby assigned to Webiny. This Agreement is not a sale and does not convey to Customer any rights of ownership in or related to the Licensed Materials, or any intellectual property rights.

4.2 Customer shall not remove, alter or obscure any of Webiny’s (or its licensors’) copyright notices, proprietary legends, trademark or service mark attributions, patent markings or other indicia of Webiny’s (or its licensors’) ownership or contribution from the Licensed Materials. Additionally, Customer agrees to reproduce and include Webiny’s (and its licensors’) proprietary and copyright notices on any copies of the Licensed Materials, or on any portion thereof, including reproduction of the copyright notice. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, certain components of the Licensed Materials, including without limitation, any component of the Licensed Materials distributed by Webiny as part of the Webiny Community Edition, are licensed by third parties pursuant to the terms of certain third party licenses described in such source code annotations.

4.3 Customer and its licensors shall (and Customer hereby represents and warrants that they do) have and retain all right, title and interest (including, without limitation, sole ownership of) all software, information, content and data provided by or on behalf of Customer or made available or otherwise distributed through use of the Licensed Materials (“Content”) and the intellectual property rights with respect to that Content. If Webiny receives any notice or claim that any Content, or Customer’s activities hereunder (including without limitation, with respect to any Content), infringes or violates the rights of a third party or any applicable law or regulation (a “Claim”), Customer will indemnify, defend and hold Webiny harmless from all liability, damages, settlements, attorney fees and other costs and expenses in connection with any such Claim, as incurred. The immediately foregoing indemnity obligations are expressly conditioned on Webiny providing Customer with prompt notice of, and reasonable cooperation and sole control over the defense and/or settlement of the applicable Claim. Subject to the foregoing, Webiny may participate in the defense and/or settlement of any applicable Claim with counsel of its choosing at its own expense.

4.4 Webiny will defend, indemnify and hold Customer harmless from liability and other amounts paid or payable to unaffiliated third parties resulting from the infringement or violation of any intellectual property or proprietary rights by the Licensed Materials, provided Webiny is promptly notified of any and all threats, claims and proceedings related thereto and given reasonable assistance and the opportunity to assume sole control over defense and settlement thereof. Subject to the foregoing, Customer may participate in the defense and/or settlement of any claim that is indemnifiable by Webiny with counsel of its choosing at its own expense. The foregoing obligations do not apply with respect to portions or components of the Licensed Materials (i) not created by Webiny, (ii) that are modified after delivery by Webiny, (iii) combined with other products, processes or materials where the alleged infringement relates to such combination, (iv) where Customer continues allegedly infringing activity after being notified thereof or after being informed of modifications that would have avoided the alleged infringement, or (v) where Customer’s use of the Licensed Materials is not strictly in accordance with this Agreement and all related documentation.

<h3>5. Payment of fees</h3>

5.1 Customer will pay Webiny the then applicable fees described in the Order Form or Quote for the Licensed Materials in accordance with the terms therein (the “Fees”). If Customer’s use of the Licensed Materials exceeds the Service Capacity set forth on the Order Form or Quote or otherwise requires the payment of additional fees (per the terms of this Agreement), Customer shall be billed for such usage and Customer agrees to pay the additional fees in the manner provided herein. Webiny reserves the right to change the Fees or applicable charges and to institute new charges and Fees at the end of the Initial Service Term or then current renewal term, upon thirty (30) days prior notice to Customer (which may be sent by email). If Customer believes that Webiny has billed Customer incorrectly, Customer must contact Webiny no later than 60 days after the closing date on the first billing statement in which the error or problem appeared, in order to receive an adjustment or credit. Inquiries should be directed to Company’s customer support department (support@webiny.com).

5.2 Webiny may choose to bill through an invoice, in which case, full payment for invoices issued in any given month must be received by Webiny according to the payment terms specified in the invoice. Unpaid amounts are subject to a finance charge of 1.5% per month on any outstanding balance, or the maximum permitted by law, whichever is lower, plus all expenses of collection and may result in immediate termination of Service. Customer shall be responsible for all taxes associated with the Licenses Materials other than U.S. taxes based on Webiny’s net income.

5.3 Our fees do not include any taxes, levies, duties or similar governmental assessments of any nature, including, for example, value-added, sales, GST, use or withholding taxes, assessable by any jurisdiction whatsoever in relation to your purchases under this Agreement (collectively, the “Taxes”). You are solely responsible for paying all Taxes associated with your purchases hereunder. If we have a legal obligation to pay or collect Taxes for which you are responsible for under this Clause 4.3, we shall invoice you and you shall pay that amount to us unless you provide us with a valid tax exemption certificate authorised by the appropriate taxing authority. We shall calculate applicable Taxes based on your billing address as detailed on the relevant Order Form or Quote (it is your duty to inform us if Taxes should be assessed on a different address). You shall promptly notify us of any changes to any of your addresses specified in an Order Form or Quote. Taxes shall not be deducted from or set-off against the fees in the applicable Order Form or Quote.

5.4 Subject to earlier termination as provided below, this Agreement is for the Initial Service Term as specified in the Order Form or Quote, and shall be automatically renewed for additional periods of the same duration as the Initial Service Term (collectively, the “Term”), unless either party requests termination with at least thirty (30) days notice.

<h3>6. Termination</h3>

6.1 This Agreement shall continue until terminated in accordance with this Section 6. Either party may terminate this Agreement upon 30 days’ written notice to the other party hereto in the event that Customer has no then-current subscription with respect to the Licensed Materials.

6.2 Customer may terminate this Agreement at any time upon written notice to Webiny. Either party may terminate this Agreement immediately upon 30 days’ written notice to the other party in the event of any material breach of this Agreement (including without limitation, any breach of Section 2.2 and/or failure to pay any amounts when due hereunder) by such party where such material breach is not cured during such notice period.

6.3 Either party may terminate this Agreement, without notice, (i) upon the institution by or against the other party of insolvency, receivership or bankruptcy proceedings (provided such proceedings are not dismissed within one hundred twenty (120) days of such institution), (ii) upon the other party’s making an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or (iii) upon the other party’s dissolution or ceasing to do business without a successor.

6.4 Customer’s rights to the Licensed Materials, and any licenses granted hereunder, shall terminate upon any termination of this Agreement. In the event that Customer terminates this Agreement pursuant to the second sentence of Section 6.2 above, Webiny will refund to Customer a pro-rated portion of pre-paid Fees for Services not actually received by Customer as of the date of such termination. The following Sections will survive any termination of this Agreement: 2 through 6 (except for Section 4.3), and 8 through 11.

<h3>7. Warranty; Customer Software Security</h3>

Webiny represents and warrants that (i) it has all rights and licenses necessary for it to perform its obligations hereunder, and (ii) it will not knowingly include, in any Webiny software released to the public and provided to Customer hereunder, any computer code or other computer instructions, devices or techniques, including without limitation those known as disabling devices, trojans, or time bombs, that are intentionally designed to disrupt, disable, harm, infect, defraud, damage, or otherwise impede in any manner, the operation of a network, computer program or computer system or any component thereof, including its security or user data. If, at any time, Webiny fails to comply with the warranty in this Section, Customer may promptly notify Webiny in writing of any such noncompliance. Webiny will, within thirty (30) days of receipt of such written notification, either correct the noncompliance or provide Customer with a plan for correcting the noncompliance. If the noncompliance is not corrected or if a reasonably acceptable plan for correcting them is not established during such period, Customer may terminate this Agreement as its sole and exclusive remedy for such noncompliance.

<h3>8. Warranty Disclaimer</h3>

EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN, THE LICENSED MATERIALS, SOFTWARE AND Webiny PROPRIETARY INFORMATION AND ANYTHING PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT ARE PROVIDED “AS-IS,” WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. Webiny AND ITS LICENSORS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

<h3>9. Limitation of liability</h3>

EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO BREACH(ES) OF SECTION 1.1 AND/OR 2.1, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY OR THEIR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF THE LICENSED MATERIALS OR ANYTHING PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, ANY DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THE LICENSED MATERIALS OR ANYTHING PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE ARISING FROM THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF REVENUE OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS OR LOST BUSINESS OR LOST SALES, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO BREACH(ES) OF SECTION 1.1 AND/OR 2.1, THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF EACH PARTY AND ITS LICENSORS, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY), OR OTHERWISE, WILL NOT EXCEED, IN THE AGGREGATE, THE GREATER OF (i) ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($1,000), OR (ii) THE FEES PAID TO Webiny HEREUNDER IN ONE YEAR PERIOD ENDING ON THE DATE THAT A CLAIM OR DEMAND IS FIRST ASSERTED. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.

<h3>10. U.S. Government Matters</h3>

Notwithstanding anything else, Customer may not provide to any person or export or re-export or allow the export or re-export of the Licensed Materials or any software or anything related thereto or any direct product thereof (collectively “Controlled Subject Matter”), in violation of any restrictions, laws or regulations of the United States Department of Commerce, the United States Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control, or any other United States or foreign agency or authority. Without limiting the foregoing Customer acknowledges and agrees that the Controlled Subject Matter will not be used or transferred or otherwise exported or re-exported to countries as to which the United States maintains an embargo (collectively, “Embargoed Countries”), or to or by a national or resident thereof, or any person or entity on the U.S. Department of Treasury’s List of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Table of Denial Orders (collectively, “Designated Nationals”). The lists of Embargoed Countries and Designated Nationals are subject to change without notice. Use of the Licensed Materials is representation and warranty that the User is not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of an Embargoed Country or Designated National. The Controlled Subject Matter may use or include encryption technology that is subject to licensing requirements under the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. As defined in FAR section 2.101, any software and documentation provided by Webiny are “commercial items” and according to DFAR section 252.2277014(a)(1) and (5) are deemed to be “commercial computer software” and “commercial computer software documentation.” Consistent with DFAR section 227.7202 and FAR section 12.212, any use modification, reproduction, release, performance, display, or disclosure of such commercial software or commercial software documentation by the U.S. Government will be governed solely by the terms of this Agreement and will be prohibited except to the extent expressly permitted by the terms of this Agreement.

<h3>11. Miscellaneous</h3>

If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. This Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by either party without the other party’s prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided that either party may transfer and/or assign this Agreement to a successor in the event of a sale of all or substantially all of its business or assets to which this Agreement relates. Both parties agree that this Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of this Agreement, and that all waivers and modifications must be in a writing signed or otherwise agreed to by each party, except as otherwise provided herein. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of this Agreement and neither party has any authority of any kind to bind the other in any respect whatsoever. In any action or proceeding to enforce rights under this Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover costs and attorneys’ fees. All notices under this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when received, if personally delivered; when receipt is electronically confirmed, if transmitted by facsimile or e-mail; and upon receipt, if sent by certified or registered mail (return receipt requested), postage prepaid. Webiny will not be liable for any loss resulting from a cause over which it does not have direct control. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California, U.S.A. without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. The federal and state courts sitting in San Francisco County, California, U.S.A. will have proper and exclusive jurisdiction and venue with respect to any disputes arising from or related to the subject matter of this Agreement.

<h3>12. Data privacy</h3>

Customer shall ensure that any and all information or data, including without limitation, personal data, used by Customer in connection with the Agreement (“Customer Data”) is collected, processed, transferred and used in full compliance with Applicable Data Protection Laws (as defined below) and that it has all obtained all necessary authorizations and consents from any data subjects to process Customer Data. “Applicable Data Protection Laws” means any applicable laws, statutes or regulations as may be amended, extended or re-enacted from time to time which relate to personal data including without limitation (ii) from and after 25 May 2018, GDPR and any EU Member State laws implementing the GDPR; and (iii) the e-Privacy Directive 2002/58/EC, as amended and as transposed into EU Member State law and any legislation replacing the e-Privacy Directive and (b) “GDPR” means the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Counsel of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation). We may enter into a GDPR Data Processing Agreement with certain Scale clients, depending on the nature of the installation, how data is being processed, and where it is stored.

<h2>Webiny Enterprise License Terms</h2>

These terms apply to any of our Enterprise plans, i.e. Enterprise or Supported
Enterprise.

By signing up for Webiny Enterprise License, you and any entity that you
represent (&quot;Customer&quot;) are unconditionally consenting to be bound by
and are becoming a party to these Webiny Subscription Terms
(&quot;Agreement&quot;) as of the date of Customer&#39;s first download of the
licensed materials (the &quot;effective date&quot;). Customer&#39;s continued
use of the software or any licensed materials provided by Webiny
Inc., trading as Webiny (&quot;Webiny&quot;) (or one of its affiliates and/or
subsidiaries, as specified on an order form or quote), shall also constitute
assent to the terms of this agreement. If these terms are considered an offer,
acceptance is expressly limited to these terms. If you are executing this
agreement on behalf of an organization, you represent that you have authority to
do so.

<h3>1. License and support</h3>

1.1 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Webiny hereby grants
to Customer and its Affiliates (as defined below) a limited, non-exclusive,
non-transferable, non-sublicensable license for Customer’s and its Affiliates’
employees and contractors to (1) internally (a) use, reproduce, modify, prepare
derivative works based upon, and display the code of Webiny Enterprise Edition
at the tier level selected by Customer (or set forth on an Order Form or Quote
(as defined below), if applicable with the specifications generally promulgated
by Webiny from time to time (the “Software”), excluding Options for the
Enterprise Edition unless listed on the Order Form or Quote, solely (i) for its
internal use in connection with the development of Customer’s and/or its
Affiliates’ own software, and (ii) by the number of internal users for which
Customer has paid Webiny; and (b) use the documentation, training materials or
other materials supplied by Webiny (the “Other Webiny Materials”); and (2)
modify the Software and publish patches to the Software, solely by the number of
internal users for which Customer has paid Webiny. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary, Customer agrees that Webiny and/or its licensors (as applicable)
retain all right, title and interest in and to all Software incorporated in such
modifications and/or patches, and all such Software may only be used, copied,
modified, displayed, distributed, or otherwise exploited in full compliance with
this Agreement, and with a valid Webiny Enterprise Edition subscription for the
correct number of User seats. The Software and Other Webiny Materials are
collectively referred to herein as the “Licensed Materials.” “Affiliate” means
any entity(ies) controlling, controlled by, and/or under common control with a
party hereto, where “control” means the ownership of more than 50% of the voting
securities in such entity. “User” means each individual end-user (person or
machine) of Customer and/or its Affiliates (including, without limitation,
employees, agents or consultants thereof) with access to the Licensed Materials
hereunder.

1.2 Subject to the terms hereof, Webiny will provide reasonable support to
Customer for the Licensed Materials as set forth on the ‘Webiny Product /
Subscription &amp; Services Offerings’ document, for the support plan selected
and paid for by Customer. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event
that Customer does not reasonably comply with written specifications or
instructions from Webiny’s service engineers regarding any support issue or
request (including without limitation, failure to make backups of Customer’s
Licensed Materials) (each, a “Support Issue”), Webiny may terminate its support
obligations to Customer with respect to such Support Issue upon fifteen (15)
days’ written notice if Customer does not cure such noncompliance within the
notice period.

<h3>2. Restrictions and responsibilities</h3>

2.1 Except as expressly authorized in Section 1.1, Customer will not, and will
not permit any third party to: use the Licensed Materials for any purpose other
than as specifically authorized in Section 1, or in such a manner that would
enable any unlicensed person to access the Licensed Materials; use the Licensed
Materials or any other Webiny software for timesharing or service bureau
purposes or for any purpose other than its and its Affiliates’ own internal use
(including without limitation, sublicensing, distributing, selling, reselling
any of the foregoing); except as expressly permitted herein; use the Licensed
Materials in connection with any high risk or strict liability activity
(including, without limitation, space travel, firefighting, police operations,
power plant operation, military operations, rescue operations, hospital and
medical operations or the like); use the Licensed Materials or software other
than in accordance with this Agreement and in compliance with all applicable
laws and regulations (including but not limited to any privacy laws, and laws
and regulations concerning intellectual property, consumer and child protection,
obscenity or defamation); or use the Licensed Materials in any manner that (1)
is harmful, fraudulent, deceptive, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious,
defamatory, vulgar, obscene, or libelous (including without limitation,
accessing any computer, computer system, network, software, or data without
authorization, breaching the security of another user or system, and/or
attempting to circumvent any User authentication or security process), (2)
impersonates any person or entity, including without limitation any employee or
representative of Webiny, or (3) contains a virus, trojan horse, worm, time
bomb, unsolicited bulk, commercial, or “spam” message, or other harmful computer
code, file, or program (including without limitation, password guessing
programs, decoders, password gatherers, keystroke loggers, cracking tools,
packet sniffers, and/or encryption circumvention programs).

2.2 Customer will cooperate with Webiny in connection with the performance of
this Agreement by making available such personnel and information as may be
reasonably required, and taking such other actions as Webiny may reasonably
request. Customer will also cooperate with Webiny in establishing a password or
other procedures for verifying that only designated employees of Customer have
access to any administrative functions of the Licensed Materials. Customer shall
maintain during the term of this Agreement and through the end of the third year
after the date on which the final payment is made under this Agreement, books,
records, contracts and accounts relating to the payments due Webiny under this
Agreement (collectively, the “Customer Records”). Webiny may, at its sole
expense, upon 30 days’ prior written notice to Customer and during Customer’s
normal business hours and subject to industry-standard confidentiality
obligations, hire an independent third party auditor to audit the Customer
Records only to verify the amounts payable under this Agreement. If an audit
reveals underpayment, then Customer shall promptly pay the deficiency to Webiny
plus late fees pursuant to Section 5.2. Webiny shall bear the cost of an audit
unless the audit reveals underpayment by more than 5% for the audited period, in
which case Customer shall promptly pay Webiny for the reasonable costs of the
audit.

2.3 Customer will be responsible for maintaining the security of Customer’s
account, passwords (including but not limited to administrative and User
passwords) and files, and for all uses of Customer account with or without
Customer’s knowledge or consent.

<h3>3. Confidentiality</h3>

3.1 Each party (the “Receiving Party”) understands that the other party (the
“Disclosing Party”) has disclosed or may disclose information relating to the
Disclosing Party’s technology or business (hereinafter referred to as
“Proprietary Information” of the Disclosing Party). Without limiting the
foregoing, the Licensed Materials are Webiny Proprietary Information.

3.2 The Receiving Party agrees: (i) not to divulge to any third person any such
Proprietary Information, (ii) to give access to such Proprietary Information
solely to those employees with a need to have access thereto for purposes of
this Agreement, and (iii) to take the same security precautions to protect
against disclosure or unauthorized use of such Proprietary Information that the
party takes with its own proprietary information, but in no event will a party
apply less than reasonable precautions to protect such Proprietary Information.
The Disclosing Party agrees that the foregoing will not apply with respect to
any information that the Receiving Party can document (a) is or becomes
generally available to the public without any action by, or involvement of, the
Receiving Party, or (b) was in its possession or known by it prior to receipt
from the Disclosing Party, or (c) was rightfully disclosed to it without
restriction by a third party, or (d) was independently developed without use of
any Proprietary Information of the Disclosing Party. Nothing in this Agreement
will prevent the Receiving Party from disclosing Proprietary Information
pursuant to any judicial or governmental order, provided that the Receiving
Party gives the Disclosing Party reasonable prior notice of such disclosure to
contest such order. In any event, Webiny may collect data with respect to and
report on the aggregate response rate and other aggregate measures of the
Licensed Materials’ performance and Customer’s usage of the Licensed Materials;
provided that Webiny will not identify Customer as the source of any such data
without Customer’s prior written consent. For the avoidance of doubt, use of a
third party to host the data collected shall not be deemed a disclosure.

3.3 Each party acknowledges and agrees that the other may suffer irreparable
damage in the event of a breach of the terms of Sections 1.1, 2.1 or 3.2 of this
Agreement and that such party will be entitled to seek injunctive relief
(without the necessity of posting a bond) in the event of any such breach.

3.4 Both parties will have the right to disclose the existence of the
relationship between the parties, but not the commercial terms of this
Agreement, unless such disclosure of the Agreement terms is approved in writing
by both Parties prior to such disclosure, or is included in a filing required to
be made by a party with a governmental authority (provided such party will use
reasonable efforts to obtain confidential treatment or a protective order) or is
made on a confidential basis as reasonably necessary to potential investors or
acquirers.

<h3>4. Intellectual property rights</h3>

4.1 Except as expressly set forth herein, Webiny alone (and its licensors,
where applicable) will retain all intellectual property rights relating to the
Licensed Materials and any suggestions, ideas, enhancement requests, feedback,
code, or other recommendations provided by Customer, its Affiliates or any third
party relating to the Licensed Materials, which are hereby assigned to Webiny.
This Agreement is not a sale and does not convey to Customer any rights of
ownership in or related to the Licensed Materials, or any intellectual property
rights.

4.2 Customer shall not remove, alter or obscure any of Webiny’s (or its
licensors’) copyright notices, proprietary legends, trademark or service mark
attributions, patent markings or other indicia of Webiny’s (or its licensors’)
ownership or contribution from the Licensed Materials. Additionally, Customer
agrees to reproduce and include Webiny’s (and its licensors’) proprietary and
copyright notices on any copies of the Licensed Materials, or on any portion
thereof, including reproduction of the copyright notice. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, certain components of the Licensed Materials,
including without limitation, any component of the Licensed Materials
distributed by Webiny as part of the Webiny Community Edition, are licensed by
third parties pursuant to the terms of certain third party licenses described in
such source code annotations.

4.3 Customer and its licensors shall (and Customer hereby represents and
warrants that they do) have and retain all right, title and interest (including,
without limitation, sole ownership of) all software, information, content and
data provided by or on behalf of Customer or made available or otherwise
distributed through use of the Licensed Materials (“Content”) and the
intellectual property rights with respect to that Content. If Webiny receives
any notice or claim that any Content, or Customer’s activities hereunder
(including without limitation, with respect to any Content), infringes or
violates the rights of a third party or any applicable law or regulation (a
“Claim”), Customer will indemnify, defend and hold Webiny harmless from all
liability, damages, settlements, attorney fees and other costs and expenses in
connection with any such Claim, as incurred. The immediately foregoing indemnity
obligations are expressly conditioned on Webiny providing Customer with prompt
notice of, and reasonable cooperation and sole control over the defense and/or
settlement of the applicable Claim. Subject to the foregoing, Webiny may
participate in the defense and/or settlement of any applicable Claim with
counsel of its choosing at its own expense.

4.4 Webiny will defend, indemnify and hold Customer harmless from liability and
other amounts paid or payable to unaffiliated third parties resulting from (i)
the infringement or violation of any intellectual property or proprietary rights
by the Licensed Materials or (ii) the violation of applicable law or regulation
by Webiny in performance of its obligations hereunder, provided Webiny is
promptly notified of any and all threats, claims and proceedings related thereto
and given reasonable assistance and the opportunity to assume sole control over
defense and settlement thereof. Subject to the foregoing, Customer may
participate in the defense and/or settlement of any claim that is indemnifiable
by Webiny with counsel of its choosing at its own expense. The foregoing
obligations do not apply with respect to portions or components of the Licensed
Materials (i) not created by Webiny, (ii) that are modified after delivery by
Webiny, (iii) combined with other products, processes or materials where the
alleged infringement relates to such combination, (iv) where Customer continues
allegedly infringing activity after being notified thereof or after being
informed of modifications that would have avoided the alleged infringement, or
(v) where Customer’s use of the Licensed Materials is not strictly in accordance
with this Agreement and all related documentation.

<h3>5. Payment of fees</h3>

5.1 Customer will pay Webiny the then applicable fees described in the Order
Form or Quote for the Licensed Materials in accordance with the terms therein
(the “Fees”). If Customer’s use of the Licensed Materials exceeds the Service
Capacity set forth on the Order Form or Quote or otherwise requires the payment
of additional fees (per the terms of this Agreement), Customer shall be billed
for such usage and Customer agrees to pay the additional fees in the manner
provided herein. Webiny reserves the right to change the Fees or applicable
charges and to institute new charges and Fees at the end of the Initial Service
Term or then current renewal term, upon thirty (30) days prior notice to
Customer (which may be sent by email). If Customer believes that Webiny has
billed Customer incorrectly, Customer must contact Webiny no later than 60 days
after the closing date on the first billing statement in which the error or
problem appeared, in order to receive an adjustment or credit. Inquiries should
be directed to Company’s customer support department (support@webiny.com).

5.2 Webiny may choose to bill through an invoice, in which case, full payment
for invoices issued in any given month must be received by Webiny according to
the payment terms specified in the invoice. Unpaid amounts are subject to a
finance charge of 1.5% per month on any outstanding balance, or the maximum
permitted by law, whichever is lower, plus all expenses of collection and may
result in immediate termination of Service. Customer shall be responsible for
all taxes associated with the Licenses Materials other than U.S. taxes based on
Webiny’s net income.

5.3 Our fees do not include any taxes, levies, duties or similar governmental
assessments of any nature, including, for example, value-added, sales, GST, use
or withholding taxes, assessable by any jurisdiction whatsoever in relation to
your purchases under this Agreement (collectively, the “Taxes”). You are solely
responsible for paying all Taxes associated with your purchases hereunder. If we
have a legal obligation to pay or collect Taxes for which you are responsible
for under this Clause 4.3, we shall invoice you and you shall pay that amount to
us unless you provide us with a valid tax exemption certificate authorised by
the appropriate taxing authority. We shall calculate applicable Taxes based on
your billing address as detailed on the relevant Order Form or Quote (it is your
duty to inform us if Taxes should be assessed on a different address). You shall
promptly notify us of any changes to any of your addresses specified in a Order
Form or Quote. Taxes shall not be deducted from or set-off against the fees in
the applicable Order Form or Quote.

5.4 Subject to earlier termination as provided below, this Agreement is for the
Initial Service Term as specified in the Order Form or Quote, and shall be
automatically renewed for additional periods of the same duration as the Initial
Service Term (collectively, the “Term”), unless either party requests
termination with at least thirty (30) days notice.

<h3>6. Termination</h3>

6.1 This Agreement shall continue until terminated in accordance with this
Section 6. Either party may terminate this Agreement upon 30 days’ written
notice to the other party hereto in the event that Customer has no then-current
subscription with respect to the Licensed Materials.

6.2 Customer may terminate this Agreement at any time upon written notice to
Webiny. Either party may terminate this Agreement immediately upon 30 days’
written notice to the other party in the event of any material breach of this
Agreement (including without limitation, any breach of Section 2.2 and/or
failure to pay any amounts when due hereunder) by such party where such material
breach is not cured during such notice period.

6.3 Either party may terminate this Agreement, without notice, (i) upon the
institution by or against the other party of insolvency, receivership or
bankruptcy proceedings (provided such proceedings are not dismissed within one
hundred twenty (120) days of such institution), (ii) upon the other party’s
making an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or (iii) upon the other
party’s dissolution or ceasing to do business without a successor.

6.4 Customer’s rights to the Licensed Materials, and any licenses granted
hereunder, shall terminate upon any termination of this Agreement. In the event
that Customer terminates this Agreement pursuant to the second sentence of
Section 6.2 above, Webiny will refund to Customer a pro-rated portion of
pre-paid Fees for Services not actually received by Customer as of the date of
such termination. The following Sections will survive any termination of this
Agreement: 2 through 6 (except for Section 4.3), and 8 through 11.

<h3>7. Warranty; Customer Software Security</h3>

Webiny represents and warrants that (i) it has all rights and licenses
necessary for it to perform its obligations hereunder, and (ii) it will not
knowingly include, in any Webiny software released to the public and provided
to Customer hereunder, any computer code or other computer instructions, devices
or techniques, including without limitation those known as disabling devices,
trojans, or time bombs, that are intentionally designed to disrupt, disable,
harm, infect, defraud, damage, or otherwise impede in any manner, the operation
of a network, computer program or computer system or any component thereof,
including its security or user data. If, at any time, Webiny fails to comply
with the warranty in this Section, Customer may promptly notify Webiny in
writing of any such noncompliance. Webiny will, within thirty (30) days of
receipt of such written notification, either correct the noncompliance or
provide Customer with a plan for correcting the noncompliance. If the
noncompliance is not corrected or if a reasonably acceptable plan for correcting
them is not established during such period, Customer may terminate this
Agreement as its sole and exclusive remedy for such noncompliance.

<h3>8. Warranty Disclaimer</h3>

EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN, THE LICENSED MATERIALS, SOFTWARE AND Webiny
PROPRIETARY INFORMATION AND ANYTHING PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT
ARE PROVIDED “AS-IS,” WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. Webiny AND ITS
LICENSORS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

<h3>9. Limitation of liability</h3>

EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO BREACH(ES) OF SECTION 1.1 AND/OR 2.1, IN NO EVENT WILL
EITHER PARTY OR THEIR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY
CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF THE LICENSED MATERIALS OR ANYTHING PROVIDED IN
CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, ANY DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THE LICENSED
MATERIALS OR ANYTHING PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE
ARISING FROM THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF REVENUE OR
ANTICIPATED PROFITS OR LOST BUSINESS OR LOST SALES, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT,
TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO
BREACH(ES) OF SECTION 1.1 AND/OR 2.1, THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF EACH PARTY AND ITS
LICENSORS, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT
LIABILITY), OR OTHERWISE, WILL NOT EXCEED, IN THE AGGREGATE, THE GREATER OF (i)
ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS (\$1,000), OR (ii) THE FEES PAID TO Webiny HEREUNDER IN
ONE YEAR PERIOD ENDING ON THE DATE THAT A CLAIM OR DEMAND IS FIRST ASSERTED. THE
FOREGOING LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL
PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.

<h3>10. U.S. Government Matters</h3>

Notwithstanding anything else, Customer may not provide to any person or export
or re-export or allow the export or re-export of the Licensed Materials or any
software or anything related thereto or any direct product thereof (collectively
“Controlled Subject Matter”), in violation of any restrictions, laws or
regulations of the United States Department of Commerce, the United States
Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control, or any other United
States or foreign agency or authority. Without limiting the foregoing Customer
acknowledges and agrees that the Controlled Subject Matter will not be used or
transferred or otherwise exported or re-exported to countries as to which the
United States maintains an embargo (collectively, “Embargoed Countries”), or to
or by a national or resident thereof, or any person or entity on the U.S.
Department of Treasury’s List of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S.
Department of Commerce’s Table of Denial Orders (collectively, “Designated
Nationals”). The lists of Embargoed Countries and Designated Nationals are
subject to change without notice. Use of the Licensed Materials is
representation and warranty that the User is not located in, under the control
of, or a national or resident of an Embargoed Country or Designated National.
The Controlled Subject Matter may use or include encryption technology that is
subject to licensing requirements under the U.S. Export Administration
Regulations. As defined in FAR section 2.101, any software and documentation
provided by Webiny are “commercial items” and according to DFAR section
252.2277014(a)(1) and (5) are deemed to be “commercial computer software” and
“commercial computer software documentation.” Consistent with DFAR section
227.7202 and FAR section 12.212, any use modification, reproduction, release,
performance, display, or disclosure of such commercial software or commercial
software documentation by the U.S. Government will be governed solely by the
terms of this Agreement and will be prohibited except to the extent expressly
permitted by the terms of this Agreement.

<h3>11. Miscellaneous</h3>

If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that
provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that
this Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
This Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by either party
without the other party’s prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld
or delayed; provided that either party may transfer and/or assign this Agreement
to a successor in the event of a sale of all or substantially all of its
business or assets to which this Agreement relates. Both parties agree that this
Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of
the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements,
communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of this
Agreement, and that all waivers and modifications must be in a writing signed or
otherwise agreed to by each party, except as otherwise provided herein. No
agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of this
Agreement and neither party has any authority of any kind to bind the other in
any respect whatsoever. In any action or proceeding to enforce rights under this
Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover costs and attorneys’
fees. All notices under this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed to
have been duly given when received, if personally delivered; when receipt is
electronically confirmed, if transmitted by facsimile or e-mail; and upon
receipt, if sent by certified or registered mail (return receipt requested),
postage prepaid. Webiny will not be liable for any loss resulting from a cause
over which it does not have direct control. This Agreement will be governed by
the laws of the State of California, U.S.A. without regard to its conflict of
laws provisions. The federal and state courts sitting in San Francisco County,
California, U.S.A. will have proper and exclusive jurisdiction and venue with
respect to any disputes arising from or related to the subject matter of this
Agreement.

<h3>12. Data privacy</h3>

Customer shall ensure that any and all information or data, including without
limitation, personal data, used by Customer in connection with the Agreement
(“Customer Data”) is collected, processed, transferred and used in full
compliance with Applicable Data Protection Laws (as defined below) and that it
has all obtained all necessary authorizations and consents from any data
subjects to process Customer Data. Customer shall adopt and maintain appropriate
organizational, technical and security measures prior to any such collection,
processing or transfer in order to protect against unauthorized access to or use
of Customer Data. Customer shall immediately inform Webiny upon becoming aware
of any breach within the meaning of Applicable Data Protection Law relating to
Customer Data (a “Security Incident”) and to cooperate with Webiny in any
investigation thereof and in the implementation of any measures reasonably
required to be taken in response thereto. If required by Applicable Data
Protection Laws, the parties will enter into standard contractual clauses under
GDPR (as defined below) for the transfer of any Customer Data outside of the
European Union. For purposes hereof: (a) “Applicable Data Protection Laws” means
any applicable laws, statutes or regulations as may be amended, extended or
re-enacted from time to time which relate to personal data including without
limitation (i) prior to 25 May 2018, the EU Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC
as transposed into EU Member State law; (ii) from and after 25 May 2018, GDPR
and any EU Member State laws implementing the GDPR; and (iii) the e-Privacy
Directive 2002/58/EC, as amended and as transposed into EU Member State law and
any legislation replacing the e-Privacy Directive and (b) “GDPR” means the
Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Counsel of 27
April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of
personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive
95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation).

<h3>Webiny GDPR Data Processing Agreement</h3>

We may enter into a GDPR Data Processing Agreement with certain Enterprise
clients, depending on the nature of the installation, how data is being
processed, and where it is stored.

<hr></hr>

<i>Credit to GitLab for the initial version of the above terms.</i>